Add docs for `Tabs` (#282)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/container.md

    ]
)
```

> 

Reviewer: I think this new content gets a bit lost at the bottom of the page and it's not only relevant for nested containers so doesn't really belong here. Please could you put it somewhere near the top of the page instead, maybe in a note callout?

Author: I've put them in a note callout now above the section of  "When to use containers"

An alternative way for displaying multiple containers on one page is to place them inside [Tabs](tabs.md).
[`Tabs`][vizro.models.Tabs] organize and separate groups of related content in a dashboard, letting users switch between different sections or views.

> They are essentially a way of stacking multiple containers on top of each other, and letting the user switch between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are a way of putting multiple containers into the same screen space, and letting the user switch between them.
```

"on top of each other" sounds too much like stacking in rows I think.
